All right. So here we are in the AWS management console,
and what I'm going to try to do here is just create
a user that's going to allow us to do the work that we're trying to do.
As I mentioned before, the console is great for us to verify our work.
We can come here and check everything is working properly.
But ideally, we're going to be writing code.
We have no intention of clicking our way to an infrastructure.
We want to be sure that we can run it and redrawn as many times as needed,
and the only way to do that is by using obviously a script.
So in order to be able to interact with AWS without the console,
we need a set of API keys.
So let's go ahead and get that done.
Here in the console, I'll type I am,
just Identity and Access Management.
This is from the main screen.
In this case, you don't have to worry about which region you're operating on.
Because as you can see here I am does not require a region of selection.
Everything you do here is going to be global.
Okay? So we're going to click through to users. I'm going to add a user.
Let's call our user, Udacity 1.
We won't be logging in with this user,
so the name doesn't really matter much.
So we're going to select "Programmatic Access".
So we're just going to get an access key and an API key,
and that should be enough.
Once we have this,
we're probably never going to log in with this user to the console itself.
I'll just use my current account that we're using to create this.
I click on "Permissions".
Now, I need to choose what I want the user to be able to do.
I will click on "Attach Existing Policies Directly".
Now I have the option of picking exactly what this user should be able to do.
In our case, we want to be able to create infrastructure,
which means we're going to be creating servers,
network components, and access rules, security groups, everything.
We want to be able to do everything.
So in this case,
we have to pick the first one,
the one that says administrator access, because that's what we want.
However, always remember when doing this work in the real world,
you want to provide the least privilege to the person doing the job.
So if somebody only needs to create storage resources,
or compute resources, you want to just
limit their access just to that particular section.
In our case, we're going to be doing everything,
so we need the full axis.
Another way to do it is that some companies would have several AWS accounts.
For example, a development only account,
where you deploy only development resources,
and then the separate production account that has no bearings with development,
and is only accessible by operation.
You would have all kinds of production resources in there.
This is great because you can provide full admin
access to your developers and their development environment,
and there's no risk that they're going to break anything because it's
an isolated AWS account just for that purpose.
I get to see that a lot in doing the job.
We get the option of tagging here,
which is just really what it sounds like.
It's a tag you put a name to the resource you are creating.
In this case, since we're creating a user,
the name of the user itself should tell you what it is.
So you don't need an additional tag or label to identify.
This is just a review screen,
where we're confirming the changes that we're doing.
Well, click "Create" and now we have our user.
Like I said, the user itself doesn't matter that much,
because we're never going to login to it.
But we do have an access key,
and we have a secret access key.
This secret access key this is the only time where you get to see it.
Amazon will not store it anywhere.
What that means is that,
you better save it right now otherwise you'll have to come back
and create a new one simply because it's
just not going to help you in any way if you lose it for whatever reason.
By all means please please do not check in any of
these values the API key or the secret key in your Git repository.
Because that means the rest of your development team will be able to see it,
and if you for some reason push this code to a public repository and
now you're in trouble because this keys will be visible
and it could be very harmful for your AWS account.
So is a best practice to keep this very specific to
your machine or in a secure location where it cannot be accessed from the outside world.
So we're just going to leave these values here.
Now we're going to go to the console.
I'm going to configure the AWS command line tool with these values.